This academic research study is about predicting the domain name categories using a combination of natural language processing techniques with FastText, as well as feature engineering and supervised machine learning algorithms such as Random Forest, Decision Tree, and K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN).  Domain name categories can be associated with its potential usefulness and the categories represent predicted quality or value. Domain name categorization can be useful for businesses that are looking to register a new domain name or acquire an existing one.  The process involves extracting meaningful characteristics from the domain names' raw strings, such as their length, character combinations, word count, numeric count, word embeddings, sentence vectors and extensions, and using these features to preprocess the input data.  This study also uses FastText to analyze the contextual meaning of the domain names, which helps to capture contextual information from the domain name.
Once meaningful features are extracted from the domain name strings, FastText is used to analyze their contextual meaning, preprocess the data to prepare it for analysis. This preprocessed data is then fed into the supervised machine learning algorithms, which have been trained on labeled data, to predict the categories of the domain names. Accuracy of the prediction models are measured using metrics such as precision, recall, and F1 score. These metrics helps in evaluating how well the models are performing and make improvements where necessary.
The study makes use of the strengths of multiple techniques to create a powerful prediction model by combining Natural Language Processing and classical supervised machine learning algorithms.

Keywords: Prediction, Domain Name Value, Domain Name Categories, NLP Models, fastText, hybrid approach, Feature-Engineering, Supervised Machine Learning Algorithms
